Clockwork Skies:

	Controls:
		W - accelerate
		S - decelerate
		D - turn clockwise
		A - turn counter-clockwise
		Space - shoot (can be held down for continuous fire)
		Menus are mouse controlled
	Objectives:
		Elimination - Destroy all enemies within the time limit
		Survival - Destroy all enemies or avoid destruction until the time limit
		Escort - Destroy all enemies or protect the target ally until the time limit
		EnemyEscort - Destroy the target enemy within the time limit
		DoubleEscort - Destroy the target enemy within the time limit while protecting the target ally
		DestroyBase - Destroy the enemy base within the time limit
		DefendBase - Destroy all enemies or protect the allied base until the time limit
		DoubleBase - Destroy the enemy base within the time limit while protecting the allied base
	Sound Error:
		If OpenAL is not installed an error will appear on the title screen and no sound will play. To fix this, please install OpenAL.

Level Editor:
	The Level Name field will determine the level's name. The level must have a name or it cannot be exported, and a | character
		can be used to insert a line break.
	The Time Limit field will determine the time limit for the level in seconds.
	The Victory Condition field will determine what the objective for the level is, and the targets will be made available as
		appropriate for the objective.
	The Target Ally and Target Enemy fields will determine the starting posittion and rotation of the targeted ally or enemy,
		but they will only be editable if an appropriate victory condition is selected.
	The Allied Base and Enemy Base fields will determine the position of the allied and enemy bases, but they will only be
		editable if an appropriate victory condition is selected.
	The Player Start Position field will determine where the player starts and what direction they are facing.
	The NPC List contains all of the NPCs in the level that are not the targeted NPCs. The New button will add an NPC to the
		list and then its starting position, rotation and if it is an enemy or an ally can be changed.
	The Export button will save a file that contains the information about the level. This file will be created in the Debug/Levels
		folder in the CSkiesLevelEditor project, and must be copied to the Debug/Levels forlder in the ClockworkSkies project
		before it will apper in-game.